- [Instructor] Throughout the course,
we'll be using Eclipse as our IDE.
Before you move forward, you will
need to install Eclipse and a JDK.
I'm using Eclipse Version 4.13 and JDK 11.
I'd highly recommend matching
these versions for best results in the course.
With the JDK installed and Eclipse up
and running, we're going to go ahead
and add some tooling into the IDE.
JBoss provides some additional tools
for Eclipse that helps developers
build Java applications with WildFly.
Let's go ahead and install these tools.
So to do so, click on Help,
and then go to the Eclipse Marketplace.
And within the Eclipse Marketplace,
we're simply going to search for JBoss
and that will pull up the tooling
and there they are.
So you see the JBoss Tools 4.12.0.final version
and we're going to go ahead
and install these tools.
So just hit Install.
And it's going to load all of the packages
and then from there, we're just
going to go ahead
and confirm that we would like to install.
Next, we'll need to go ahead
and accept the licenses for these technologies
and then just hit Finish.
At that point, the tools will begin to download
and install within Eclipse.
You may be prompted that the tools
contain unsigned content, just go ahead
and click on Install anyway
to continue the installation
and then once they have installed,
you'll be prompted to restart Eclipse.
When Eclipse restarts, you'll notice
that you're asked to provide information
about the JBoss tools, you can go ahead
and make your selection.
But it is an indicator that we have
installed the tools successfully
and you'll also see that the IDE
will open up to the Red Hat page.
So we've successfully installed
the JBoss tooling for Eclipse
and we can leverage that throughout our lessons.